Add figure link to CN status heatmap (#101)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/04.results.md

![Mutational Landscape](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/raw/master/figures/pngs/fig2-mutational-landscapes.png){#fig:mutational-landscape-overview}

### Copy Number Variant Overview

![This figure shows dominant statuses for small copy number consensus segments (< 10 Mb) across the genome, where each square represents a ~1 Mb binned section of the genome.
A dominant status is declared if one status is >75% coverage.
Unstable indicates multiple non-neutral statuses totaling coverage >75%.

> The large copy number segments larger than 10 Mb have been removed from the figure for easier interpretability.](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/raw/master/figures/pngs/cn_status_heatmap.png){#fig:copy-number-status-heatmap width="7in"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy number segments longer than 10 Mb have been removed from the figure for easier interpretability.](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/raw/master/figures/pngs/cn_status_heatmap.png){#fig:copy-number-status-heatmap width="7in"}
```
